doc(cache-configuration-and-policy) : Update description (#943)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/cache-configuration-and-policy.md

## Cache configuration and policy 

> Portal cache and living application cache configuration in bonita 7.6 version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn how to configure Bonita Portal cache and Living Application cache. 
```
